{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\ul Configuration of the folders: \ulnone \
The folders for proper downloading and creation of the database need to have the following configuration: \
\
coco_database > annotations \
			> images > dataset_train\
				       > dataset_val\
The path to coco_database needs to be given. ex: \
path='/Users/prunetruong/Desktop/Blind_project/dataset/coco_database/' \
\
             openV4 > annotations > bbox_annotations\
					       > classes\
					       > images \
			  > images > dataset_train\
					 > dataset_val\
\
\
\ul Running the scripts: \ulnone \
There are two scripts to create the database containing images of coco_database and openV4, which are respectively coco_create_database.py and openV4_create_database.py\
\
\
To launch the scripts, each demand three arguments: \
\'97 path_coco_database : the path to the folder containing the annotations and images. \
ex: '/Users/prunetruong/Desktop/Blind_project/dataset/coco/' \
\
--step_val_train_test : choose the \'ab\'a0category\'a0\'bb of images to download, between train, val and test\
ex: train \
\
--path_text_file : the path to the text file containing the informations on the categories we want to download. The content of this text file will be described below. \
ex: \'92/Users/prunetruong/Desktop/Blind_project/dataset/category_classes_coco.txt'\
\
\ul Content of text file: \ulnone \
In the text file, the user needs to specify the categories he wants to download, followed by the corresponding label_name and id he wants to give. \
For coco_database, a 4rth argument for each category is the number of images the user wants to download. If this number is too high (not enough pictures on the coco-dataset), the number will be set to the maximum available for this category. \
Informations for each category must be on one line, all separated by coma (\'ab\'a0,\'a0\'bb). \
Attention, the category name must exactly correspond to the ones available in the database (capital letters matter). PUT EVERYTHING IN LOWER CASE. Otherwise, a warning sign will appear and the program will not run. \
\
example of text file: \
category_classes_coco.txt: \
bus,0,4000,\
train,1,4000,\
car,2,2000,\
truck,3,1000,\
\
category_classes_openV4.txt:\
Bus,0,\
Train,1,\
\
On the annotations: \
we get xmin, ymin, xmax, ymax: coordinates of the box, in normalized image coordinates. XMin is in [0,1], where 0 is the leftmost pixel, and 1 is the rightmost pixel in the image. \
Y coordinates go from the top pixel (0) to the bottom pixel (1).\
}